ROBERT COOPER 
 
 SECURITY GUARD LOS ANGELES, CA 90291, UNITED STATES 3868683442
 
 
 DETAILS PROFILE 
 
 1515 Pacific Ave Safety conscious, attentive Security Guard with eight years experience in protecting and
 Los Angeles, CA 90291 guarding VIP individuals in the military and defense sectors. Proficient at observing
 United States surroundings and immediate settings for possible threats of nonhuman and human nature.
 3868683442 Presently finishing a bachelor’s in criminal justice and qualified as a CPO (Certified
 email@email.com Protection Guard). 
 Place of birth 
 San Antonio EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
 Security Guard at ADT Security, Port Washington 
 Driving license 
 January 2021 — April 2022 
 Full 
 Responsible for completing reports by recording information, observations, occurrences,
 and surveillance activities, including interviewing of witnesses and acquiring signatures.
 LINKS 
 LinkedIn - Maintaining environments by monitoring the grounds and equipment controls.
 - Logging into security headquarters on the hour during the day and every 2 hours
 Pinterest 
 with the night shift, notifying control of all in order statuses.
 Resume Templates - Utilizing armed force when necessary, to protect company belongings, visitors,
 employees, and clients when needed. 
 Build this template 
 - Apprehending suspects in the event of security breaches and detaining them until
 the police arrive on the scene. 
 SKILLS 
 Investigation skills 
 Security Guard at Copwatch, Jogbani 
 January 2020 — April 2022 
 Safety compliance 
 Primary purpose is to scan area of grounds for objects/ items that seem out of place and
 Criminal justice knowledge 
 notifying Center management of bags or packages that are unattended.
 Restraining devices - Inspecting restrooms after closing time for vagrants/ unauthorized personnel.
 - Monitoring selected areas via CCTV app on smart devices.
 Martial arts/Physical combat 
 - Ensure flawless equipment operation by finishing preventive maintenance
 training 
 necessities, reading the manufacturer's instructions, troubleshooting
 malfunctions, organizing for repairs if needed, and assessing new equipment and
 HOBBIES techniques 
 Running, Mtb, Enduro 
 EDUCATION 
 LANGUAGES Certified Protection Guard Program (CPOP), International Foundation for Protection
 Guards, Alexandria 
 English 
 January 2021 — April 2022 
 Spanish 
 Security Guard Certificate Program (SOCP), ASIS International, North Naples
 Italian April 2022 — April 2022 
 - Course Curriculum: Law Enforcement Ethics, Foundations in Criminal Law, Report
 Writing, Criminal Profiling, Interviewing Techniques, Crisis Intervention.
 S.A.F.E. Approach Level II Training, Hawaii Western College
 January 2015 — November 2019 
 
 
 
 ACHIEVEMENTS 
 - Decreased theft of hotel items like linen, towels, décor pieces, and cutlery by 73%
 by improving vigilance strategies, particularly for guests leaving the hotel.
 - Enhancing detection/monitoring procedures by having 15 360 degrees CCTV
 cameras installed at the back of shopping aisles and in storerooms, which cut
 product stock theft by 93%. 
 - Introduced inventive loss prevention techniques by installing an X-ray scanning
 system at every entrance and exit in the building, which reduced theft by 28%.
 - Improved access control, which reduced unauthorized entry and solicitation by
 26% using an announcement notification app, where visitors may be admitted/
 declined entry straight from the employee’s smart device.